Demographic model recombination rate (#1591)
popsim-consortium/stdpopsim: docs/tutorial.rst

   # model mutation rate: 2.35e-08

The Gutenkunst OOA model was inferred using a mutation rate much larger than the

> default mutation rate for human species in the ``stdpopsim`` catalog. As such,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default mutation rate for humans in the ``stdpopsim`` catalog. As such,
```
